GHC JS browser introduction blog post/tutorial (#24)
input-output-hk/engineering: blog/ghc-js-browser-example/browser-example.md

# Using GHC's JavaScript Backend in the Browser

> In the last post we introduced GHC's new JavaScript backend, which allows the compilation of Haskell code into JavaScript. Because of the prevalence of JavaScript, this opens up the ability for Haskell to be used on new platforms - particularly the browser. In this post, we'll look into how we can build a version of GHC that will compile to JavaScript, and see how to use that to run a first Haskell program in a browser. 

Reviewer: Good intro! Use an active voice:

```suggestion
In the last post we introduced GHC's new JavaScript backend, which allows the compilation of Haskell code into JavaScript. Because of the prevalence of JavaScript, this opens up the ability for Haskell to be used on new platforms - particularly the browser. In this post, we'll look build a version of GHC that will compile to JavaScript, and use that to run a Haskell program in a browser. 
```

> In the last post we introduced GHC's new JavaScript backend, which allows the compilation of Haskell code into JavaScript. Because of the prevalence of JavaScript, this opens up the ability for Haskell to be used on new platforms - particularly the browser. In this post, we'll look into how we can build a version of GHC that will compile to JavaScript, and see how to use that to run a first Haskell program in a browser. 

Reviewer 2: Replace `In the last post` with a link to the post.

## Installing GHC for JavaScript

For this guide, we'll be compiling GHC from source. Before doing this, we'll need to install a few dependencies.

> ### Installing Dependencies

Reviewer: Structure this better, perhaps like this:

- First we need these dependencies to build GHC from source:
- then list out the dependencies
- Then describe where and how to get them in the exact same order  as the list

Firstly, a standard GHC distribution with Cabal is required. This is best installed via GHCUP ([https://www.haskell.org/ghcup/install/](https://www.haskell.org/ghcup/install/)), or your system's package manager. As of writing, a GHC version of 9.2 or later is required. To run JavaScript programs, we'll also need to have NodeJS installed.

We'll be using Emscripten during the `configure` step - which is often available in package managers - but can also be installed from source:
```
git clone https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk.git
cd emsdk
./emsdk install latest
./emsdk activate latest
source ./emsdk_env.sh
```

> After installing Emscripten, `emconfigure` should be available on your system path. For more detailed installation instructions, see [https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html).

Reviewer: provide a way to check that its on the path (untested):

```
echo $PATH | grep emconfigure
```

then link to the docs

Author: Used `which emconfigure`

   hs-cpp       : /home/josh/emsdk/upstream/emscripten/emcc
   hs-cpp-flags : -E -undef -traditional -Wno-invalid-pp-token -Wno-unicode -Wno-trigraphs
   ar           : /home/josh/emsdk/upstream/emscripten/emar
   ld           : /home/josh/emsdk/upstream/emscripten/emcc
   nm           : /home/josh/emsdk/upstream/bin/llvm-nm
   objdump      : /usr/bin/objdump
   ranlib       : /home/josh/emsdk/upstream/emscripten/emranlib
   otool        : otool
   install_name_tool : install_name_tool
   windres      :
   dllwrap      :
   genlib       :
   Happy        : /home/josh/.cabal/bin/happy (1.20.0)
   Alex         : /home/josh/.cabal/bin/alex (3.2.7.1)
   sphinx-build :
   xelatex      :
   makeinfo     :
   git          : /usr/bin/git
   cabal-install : /home/josh/.cabal/bin/cabal

   Using LLVM tools
      clang : clang
      llc   : llc-14
      opt   : opt-14

   HsColour was not found; documentation will not contain source links

   Tools to build Sphinx HTML documentation available: NO
   Tools to build Sphinx PDF documentation available: NO
   Tools to build Sphinx INFO documentation available: NO
----------------------------------------------------------------------
```

> If everything is correct, you'll see that the `Target platform` is set to `js-unknown-ghcjs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything is correct, you'll see that the `Target platform` is set to `js-unknown-ghcjs` and the tools needed to build set to their Emscripten counterparts, e.g., `ar` becomes `emar`, `nm` becomes `llvm-nm` etc.
```

Reviewer: Also this section does everything it needs to and is clear and concise, good job!

Finally, to build GHC:
```

> ./hadrian/build --bignum=native -j

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./hadrian/build --bignum=native -j --docs=none
```

no need to build docs

```

> Which will result in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expect this to take around a half hour or longer. If all goes well you should see:
```

```
/--------------------------------------------------------\
| Successfully built library 'ghc' (Stage1, way p).      |
| Library: _build/stage1/compiler/build/libHSghc-9.5_p.a |
| Library synopsis: The GHC API.                         |
\--------------------------------------------------------/
| Copy package 'ghc'
# cabal-copy (for _build/stage1/lib/package.conf.d/ghc-9.5.conf)
| Run GhcPkg Recache Stage1: none => none
| Copy file: _build/stage0/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc => _build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc
Build completed in 1h00m
```

> Take note of this `_build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc` path, as it's the GHC executable that we'll be using to compile to JavaScript.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps define an alias here:

```
alias ghc-js=`pwd`/_build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc
```

And use it later to make the command-line nicer

## First Haskell to JavaScript Program

> Now that we have a version of GHC that can output JavaScript, let's move on to using it to compile a Haskell program, which we can run using NodeJS. Make a file named "HelloJS.hs", with the following contents:

Reviewer: more active voice:

```suggestion
Now that we have a version of GHC that can output JavaScript, let's compile a Haskell program which we can run using NodeJS. Make a file named "HelloJS.hs", with the following contents:
```

```haskell
-- HelloJS.hs
module Main where

main :: IO ()
main = putStrLn "Hello, JavaScript!"
```

> Then, to compile it to JavaScript, we'll need the path to the new GHC executable we just built. To run it, use:

Reviewer: simplify a bit:

```suggestion
Now  it compile using the GHC executable we just built:
```

```
/path/to/ghc/_build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc HelloJS.hs
```

You should see the following output, and that it has produced a `HelloJS` executable.

```
[1 of 2] Compiling Main             ( HelloJS.hs, HelloJS.o )
[2 of 2] Linking HelloJS.jsexe
```

If you have NodeJS installed, this executable can be run just like any other command line program, which will output `Hello, JavaScript` to the console:

```
./HelloJS
```

> You'll also notice that a folder called `HelloJS.jsexe` is produced. It has all of our final JavaScript code in it, including a file named `all.js`. The above executable is just a copy of `all.js`, with a call to `node` added to the top. So, we can also run our program with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that a folder called `HelloJS.jsexe` was produced. This directory has all the final JavaScript code in it, including a file named `all.js`.  `all.js` _is_ the payload our our hello world executable. The executable is simply a copy of `all.js` with a call to `node` added to the top. So, we can also run our program with:
```

Just a bit of reformatting. The writing principle here is that sentences should be transitive. So if you have two sentences `A : a -> b` and `B: b -> c` then writing `A. B` is better than having `B': c -> b` and writing `A. B'`. In the referenced text you end up with a `B'` because you have the first sentence that is `HelloJS.jsexe -> all.js`, and then the next sentence is `above executable -> all.js -> node`. I'm just tracking the subjects of the sentences here. So the fix is to move `all.js` to be the first subject of the second sentence which means it immediately follows from the last subject of the first sentence.

```
node HelloJS.jsexe/all.js
```

## Haskell in the Browser

> We saw in the previous example that the GHC's JavaScript backend allows us to write Haskell to run with NodeJS. This produces a portable executable, but otherwise doesn't enable anything we couldn't do before - GHC can already compile Haskell to run on most backend platforms! So, we'll present a unique possibility: running Haskell in the browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We saw in the previous example that the GHC's JavaScript backend allows us to write Haskell to run with NodeJS. This produces a portable executable, but otherwise doesn't enable anything we couldn't do before - GHC can already compile Haskell to run on most platforms! So, we'll present a unique possibility: running Haskell in the browser.
```

In this example, we'll use Haskell to draw a simple SVG circle to our browser window. Put the following code in a file named `HelloBrowser.hs`:

```haskell
-- HelloBrowser.hs
module Main where

import Foreign.C.String

> foreign import javascript unsafe "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"
```

I don't think `unsafe` is needed. Avoiding it avoids having to explain it :)

  setInnerHtml :: CString -> IO ()

circle :: String
circle = "<svg width=300 height=300><circle cx=50% cy=50% r=50%></circle></svg>"

main :: IO ()

> main = withCStraing circle setInnerHtml

Reviewer: `main = withCStraing circle setInnerHtml`

is `withCStraing` a typo?

shouldn't it be `withCString`?

Reviewer: also I wonder if we can get docusaurus to run these examples in the future

Reviewer: also also you need to explain this code!

> main = setInnerHtml =<< newCString circle

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
main = withCString circle setInnerHtml
```

To properly release the CString

```

Then, we can compile it to JavaScript, again with our built GHC:
```
/path/to/ghc/_build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc HelloBrowser.hs
```

> Now, inside the HelloBrowser.jsexe folder, there will be an `index.html` file. This HTML file has our compiled JavaScript already included, so if you open it in your browser, you'll find it loads our SVG circle!

Reviewer: You should introduce the `index.html` file when you introduce the `.jsexe` folder. Just something small:

> Notice the all.js and index.html files, for now we'll only care about `all.js` and return to `index.html` later

> Now, inside the HelloBrowser.jsexe folder, there will be an `index.html` file. This HTML file has our compiled JavaScript already included, so if you open it in your browser, you'll find it loads our SVG circle!

Reviewer: You should show loading the index file into the browser:

```
$ firefox <path-to-index.html>
```
or
```
$ google-chrome-stable <path-to-index.html>
```
or
```
$ chromium ...
```

you get the idea

Reviewer: then take a snapshot and include that in the post

It's also possible to use our program with existing HTML. In `index.html`, you'll find the line:
```html
<script language="javascript" src="all.js" defer></script>
```
This references the `all.js` file that we talked about in the first example. So, if we had a HTML document with content, and we wanted to modify it via Haskell, we'd just have to include our program with the `script` tag!

> In this example we've encountered a Haskell feature that's only available in the JavaScript backend - JavaScript foreign imports. This feature allows us to write JavaScript arrow functions for use in our Haskell program. Here, it's allowed us to write a function to access the `body` of the HTML, and replace its contents with our SVG string.

Reviewer: move this to right after the code above, and drop the `in this example`. That was just for summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we've encountered a Haskell feature that's only available in the JavaScript backend - JavaScript foreign imports. This feature allows us to write JavaScript [arrow functions](https://262.ecma-international.org/13.0/#prod-ArrowFunction) for use in our Haskell program. Here, it's allowed us to write a function to access the `body` of the HTML, and replace its contents with our SVG string.
```

## Conclusion

In this post, we've seen how to build and use a version of GHC that supports compiling to JavaScript, which allowed us to compile some first programs to run on NodeJS and the browser. We've also taken the first steps in using Haskell's foreign function interface to allow browser-specific features to be accessed in our Haskell programs, and we've seen how to include the resulting JavaScript in a custom HTML document.

> TODO: Teaser on next post?

Reviewer 2: Yes! We should also mention somehow that:

1. Documentation in general and especially about the FFI is lacking (e.g .in the user guide)
2. Foreign exports aren't supported

Something like:

> This is the first tutorial in a series about the JavaScript backend. We plan to write more of those in the coming weeks and months as we add new features (e.g. support for "foreign exports" that will allow JavaScript code to call into Haskell code, support for Template Haskell, etc.). For now it relies on our "insider" knowledge (e.g. how the FFI works) that isn't well documented elsewhere. We do plan to add a chapter about the JavaScript backend in GHC's user guide, but for now your best chance is to look at GHCJS's documentation or at the source code.

> 

Author: Slug added in latest version.

# Using GHC's JavaScript Backend in the Browser

In the our last major

> [post](https://engineering.iog.io/2022-12-13-ghc-js-backend-merged) we

Author: Changed to "In the previous"

> [post](https://engineering.iog.io/2022-12-13-ghc-js-backend-merged) we

Reviewer 2: Well there has been another post in between (https://engineering.iog.io/2023-01-12-ghc-update), so `in a previous` seems better than `in the previous` to me.

> [post](https://engineering.iog.io/2022-12-13-ghc-js-backend-merged) we

Author: fixed

* (Optional) NodeJS to run JavaScript locally

A standard GHC distribution with Cabal is required. This is best installed via GHCUP ([https://www.haskell.org/ghcup/install/](https://www.haskell.org/ghcup/install/)), or your system's package manager. As of writing, a GHC version of 9.2 or later is required. 

Now, we'll also need a couple of Haskell programs, which we'll install through Cabal.

```
cabal install alex happy -j
```

We'll be using Emscripten during the `configure` step - which is often available in package managers - but can also be installed from source:

```
git clone https://github.com/emscripten-core/emsdk.git
cd emsdk
./emsdk install latest
./emsdk activate latest
source ./emsdk_env.sh
```

After installing Emscripten, `emconfigure` should be available on your system path. If the installation was successful, `which emconfigure` should point to a location within the emsdk git project, for example:

```
$ which emconfigure
/path/to/emsdk/upstream/escripten/emconfigure
```

For more detailed installation instructions, see [https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html). 

> That's all we need to build GHC as a cross compiler. NodeJS can be installed via your system's package manager if you want to run the JavaScript programs locally. We'll assume its in your `$PATH` for the rest of the blog post.

Author: Fixed. Thanks for the proofread!

| Copy package 'ghc'
# cabal-copy (for _build/stage1/lib/package.conf.d/ghc-9.5.conf)
| Run GhcPkg Recache Stage1: none => none
| Copy file: _build/stage0/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc => _build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc
Build completed in 1h00m
```

Take note of `_build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc` path. This is the GHC executable that we'll be using to compile to JavaScript. To make life easier on ourselves we can alias it:
```
alias ghc-js=`pwd`/_build/stage1/bin/js-unknown-ghcjs-ghc
```

## First Haskell to JavaScript Program

Now that we have a version of GHC that can output JavaScript, let's move on to using it to compile a Haskell program, which we can run using NodeJS. Make a file named "HelloJS.hs", with the following contents:

```haskell
-- HelloJS.hs
module Main where

main :: IO ()
main = putStrLn "Hello, JavaScript!"
```

Then, to compile it to JavaScript, we'll need the path to the new GHC executable we just built. To run it, use:
```
ghc-js HelloJS.hs
```

You should see the following output, and that it has produced a `HelloJS` executable.

```
[1 of 2] Compiling Main             ( HelloJS.hs, HelloJS.o )
[2 of 2] Linking HelloJS.jsexe
```

> If you have NodeJS installed, this executable can be run just like any other command line program, which will output `Hello, JavaScript` to the console:

Author: Fixed!

```
./HelloJS
```

> Notice that a folder called `HelloJS.jsexe` was produced. This directory contains all the final JavaScript code in it, including a file named `all.js`, and a minimal `index.html` HTML file that wraps `all.js`. For now, we'll only care about `all.js` and return to `index.html later. `all.js` _is_ the payload of our `HelloJS` exectuable. The executable is simply a copy of `all.js`, with a call to `node` added to the top. So, we can also run our program with:

Author: Included these changes.

```
node HelloJS.jsexe/all.js
```

## Haskell in the Browser

> We saw in the previous example that the GHC's JavaScript backend allows us to write Haskell to run with NodeJS. This produces a portable executable, but otherwise doesn't enable anything we couldn't do before - GHC can already compile Haskell to run on most platforms! So, we'll present a unique possibility: running Haskell in the browser.

Author: fixed

In this example, we'll use Haskell to draw a simple SVG circle to our browser window. Put the following code in a file named `HelloBrowser.hs`:

```haskell
-- HelloBrowser.hs
module Main where

import Foreign.C.String

> foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Author: When would we want to use the offset parameter? IMO, this would distract from the example because it draws focus to the internal library.

> foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Reviewer 2: A Addr# is represented by two JS values: an array object and an offset number. Using only one isn't correct. If the offset isn't 0 then the code you have isn't correct.

Even if it works in this case, we would have a harder time explaining later that Addr# is represented by two values if the first example we gave was wrong.

> foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Author: Is there a way to determine the offset given the newly formed `CString` passed to us by `withCString`?

> foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's the second argument that is passed...

An Haskell `CString` is a `Ptr CChar`, hence ultimately an `Addr#`. `Addr#` are represented with 2 JS values: an array and an offset. That's why we define a function that takes two arguments on the JS side, while we only pass one on the Haskell side. In the call earlier today we've been discussing this, especially that `Addr#` could have a `Tuple [AddrRep, IntRep]` kind in JS to more accurately reflect this.

> foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Author: Ok I see, that does seem to work. I thought there would be extra we'd have to pass from the Haskell side. It seems weird to me that it partially worked if the previous `html` variable covered this tuple. In that case I'm not sure why `h$decodeUtf8z((arr,offset),0)` didn't error. I guess I'll just have to assume that's a JavaScript oddity?

> foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Author: changes made

> foreign import javascript "((html) => document.body.innerHTML = h$decodeUtf8z(html,0))"

Reviewer 2: No the previous `html` variable didn't contain a tuple, only the first argument (the array). The second argument (the offset) was silently dropped because it's JavaScript and the caller can pass fewer or too many arguments without a warning:

```js
> let foo = (a,b) => console.log("a: " + a + ", b: " + b)
> foo(10)
a: 10, b: undefined
> foo(10,12)
a: 10, b: 12
> foo(10,12,14)
a: 10, b: 12
```

  setInnerHtml :: CString -> IO ()

circle :: String
circle = "<svg width=300 height=300><circle cx=50% cy=50% r=50%></circle></svg>"

main :: IO ()
main = withCString circle setInnerHtml
```

> In this example we've encountered a Haskell feature that's only available in the JavaScript backend - JavaScript foreign imports. This feature allows us to write JavaScript [arrow functions](https://262.ecma-international.org/13.0/#prod-ArrowFunction) for use in our Haskell program. Here, it's allowed us to write a function to access the `body` of the HTML, and replace its contents with our SVG string. Alternatively,

Author: Used these changes.

we could have set the foreign import to a function symbol like so:

```

> foreign import javascript "h$setInnerHTML"

Author: fixed

  setInnerHtml :: CString -> IO ()
```

> where `h$setInnerHTML` is defined in a `.js` file that is then loaded with
> `js-sources` in a `.cabal` file (the `h$` is just convention). 

Reviewer 2: `js-sources` doesn't work with stock Cabal (cf https://github.com/haskell/cabal/pull/8636). Let's not propose to try this.

```suggestion
where `setInnerHTML` is a function defined in a `.js` file that you can pass on GHC's command line.
```

Author: Made a similar change in the latest version.

Next, we can compile our program to JavaScript, again with our built GHC:
```
ghc-js HelloBrowser.hs
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or `ghc-js HelloBrowser.hs foo.js` if `setInnerHTML` is defined in `foo.js`
```

Author: Added

> Now, inside the HelloBrowser.jsexe folder, there will be an `index.html` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, inside the `HelloBrowser.jsexe` directory there will be an `index.html` file.
```

Author: Fixed

This HTML file has our compiled JavaScript already included, so if you open it
in your browser, you'll find it loads our SVG circle!

> 

Reviewer 2: A screenshot would be nice.

Author: Added with the markdown image syntax `![Example webpage screenshot](browser-screenshot.png)` and the image file in `engineering/static/img`. I'm not sure if this is correct for the blog engine.

It's also possible to use our program with existing HTML. In `index.html`, you'll find the line:
```html
<script language="javascript" src="all.js" defer></script>
```
This references the `all.js` file that we talked about in the first example. So, if we had a HTML document with content, and we wanted to modify it via Haskell, we'd just have to include our program with the `script` tag! 

## Conclusion

In this post, we've seen how to build and use a version of GHC that supports compiling to JavaScript, which allowed us to compile some first programs to run on NodeJS and the browser. We've also taken the first steps in using Haskell's foreign function interface to allow browser-specific features to be accessed in our Haskell programs, and we've seen how to include the resulting JavaScript in a custom HTML document.

> 

Reviewer 2: We must mention that currently "foreign exports" and "wrapper" foreign imports aren't supported and that it drastically limits what one can do. In particular the JS code can't call into the Haskell code yet. This is a severe limitation that should be removed soon as we implement these missing features.

Author: Here's the current wording which I think should serve the combined warning/invite to future posts
```
This is the first tutorial in a series about the JavaScript backend, which is currently under active deveopment. Not all Haskell features are supported as of yet. Importantly, there is no current way for JavaScript code to call into Haskell code ("Foreign Exports"), which is a heavy limitation. Template Haskell and "wrapper" foreign imports are also unsupported. As development progresses and the backend gains support for these features, we will be writing more tutorials to introduce them!
```

> This is the first tutorial in a series about the JavaScript backend. We plan to write more of these in the coming weeks and months as we add new features (e.g. support for "foreign exports" that will allow JavaScript code to call into Haskell code, support for Template Haskell, etc.). For now it relies on our "insider" knowledge (e.g. how the FFI works) that isn't well documented elsewhere. We do plan to add a chapter about the JavaScript backend in GHC's user guide, but for now your best chance is to look at GHCJS's documentation or at the source code.

Reviewer 2: This text is duplicated in the intro

Author: Rewrote the conclusion version.

# GHC JavaScript Browser Example

> ## Introduction

Reviewer 2: Could you start where we left in the previous blog post:
1. installing the JS backend
2. build and running an HelloWorld.hs
3. Transition. Something like "Except for portability, compiling Haskell programs into JavaScript code that can be run with NodeJS isn't very useful in comparison to compiling them to native machine code. Let's build a more compelling example where JavaScript is mandatory: a Web Application."
4. Introduction to the Web Application you plan to implement in the tutorial

## Building

TODO: Can we do something with the cabal project file and/or environment variables and the with-compiler/with-hs-pkg fields to optionally specify /path/to/build/stage1/bin in the case that the user is currently building the compiler themselves, since Hadrian can't install stage 1 and prebuilt binaries are generally unavailable.

## Features

### Foreign Import JavaScript

To access JavaScript-specific features in Haskell, we can import them via Haskell's `foreign import` syntax.

In our example (in `app/Main.hs`), we have:
```
foreign import javascript unsafe "((html) => { return setInner(html); })"
  setInnerHtml :: CString -> IO ()
```

Here, there are a number of details to take note of:
- we specify the import as a string of JavaScript with _a single function call_ (TODO: Elaborate on syntax)

> - _TODO: Explain unsafe vs interruptible_

Reviewer 2: No don't explain this. It's a tutorial, don't add explanations (cf https://diataxis.fr/tutorials/).

- we must pass arguments as types from the `base` library's `Foreign.C` module - in this case `CString`
- return types must also be `Foreign.C` types, or unit (`()`)

> On the JavaScript side (in `js/example.js`), we have:

Reviewer 2: You don't need to use a foreign `.js` file. You can write the function inline:

```
foreign import javascript
  "((buf,offset) => {\
  \ document.body.innerHTML = \"example\" + h$decodeUtf8z(buf,offset);\
  \ })"
  setInnerHtml :: CString -> IO ()
```

```
function setInner(html) {
  document.body.innerHTML = "example" + h$decodeUtf8z(html,0);
  return;
}
```

In this JavaScript function, we match the inputs specified in the `foreign import` declaration. However, we unfortunately have to currently use internal functions of GHC's JavaScript backend - in order to convert this `CString` (stored as a byte array) into a JavaScript string, we use `h$decodeUtf8z`.

> ## Current Limitations

Reviewer 2: To avoid the current limitations (cabal, bytestring), you can build a simple example that generates a SVG by hand first (e.g. a circle).
